(GH-2463) Document ApplyResult report keys (#2623)
puppetlabs/bolt: documentation/applying_manifest_blocks.md

}
```

### Report keys

The [`ApplyResult`
object](https://puppet.com/docs/bolt/latest/bolt_types_reference.html#applyresult)
includes a `report` method that returns a hash representation of the
[`Puppet::Transaction::Report`](https://puppet.com/docs/puppet/7.3/format_report.html)

> object. Each property on the object corresponds to a key with the same name in

Reviewer: I think it's worth noting that not every property will be represented in the hash for every result, I believe it's only those that have values from the apply (for example I don't think `job_id` will ever be in the report in Bolt)

}
```

### Report keys

The [`ApplyResult`

> object](https://puppet.com/docs/bolt/latest/bolt_types_reference.html#applyresult)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
object](bolt_types_reference.md#applyresult)
```

Author: 🤦

includes a `report` method that returns a hash representation of the
[`Puppet::Transaction::Report`](https://puppet.com/docs/puppet/7.3/format_report.html)
object. Each property on the object corresponds to a key with the same name in

> the report hash. However, not every property will be presented in the hash for
> every result. Only properties that have a value from the apply will be present

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
the report hash. However, not every property is presented in the hash for
every result. Only properties that have a value from the apply are present
```

in the hash.

> For example, to access and print the logs from a report in your plan you can
> access the `logs` key in the report hash:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
For example, to access and print the logs from a report in your plan, you can
access the `logs` key in the report hash:
```
